## 1 вариант

# #1
The chief **advantage** of a wired network is speed. So-called "Fast Ethernet" cables can send data at 100 Mbps while most **wireless** networks max out at 54 Mbps. So if you want to set up a LAN gaming party or share large files in an office environment, it's better to stick with wired **connections** for optimum speed. Take note, however, that the **upcoming** 802.11 n Wi-Fi standard claims throughput speeds of 150 to 300 Mbps.

The chief advantage of a wireless network is **mobility** and flexibility. You can be anywhere in the office and access **the Internet** and any files on the LAN. You can also use a wider selection of devices to **access** the network, like Wi-Fi-enabled handhelds and PDAs.

Another advantage of **hybrid** networks is that they're comparatively cheaper to set up, especially in a large office or college environment. Ethernet cables and routers are **expensive**. So is drilling through walls and running cable through ceilings. A few well-placed wireless **access** points — or even better, a wireless mesh network — can reach far more devices with far less money.

# #2
Token Ring networks, as well as Ethernet networks, are characterized by a shared data transmission medium, which in this case consists of cable segments connecting all network stations in a ring. The ring is considered a shared resource, and access to it does not require a random algorithm, as in Ethernet networks, but rather a deterministic one based on granting the right to use the ring to stations in a specific order. This right is transferred using a special frame format known as a token.